content/pages/index.md, before:

---
title: Home
type: Page
sections:
  - type: HeroSection
    title: Delexity
    subtitle: Welcome!
    text: >
      This is the HeroSection component. You can visually edit this component &
      add more sections while developing locally. [Learn
      more.](https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/local-development/)
    actions:
      - type: Button
        label: Start Building
        url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/get-started/'
        size: large
        variant: contained
        color: primary
      - type: Button
        label: Read the Docs
        url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
        size: large
        variant: outlined
        color: primary
    image:
      type: Image
      url: /images/hero.svg
      altText: Hero section image
  - type: CardsSection
    title: Cards Section Component
    subtitle: Section subtitle here
    items:
      - type: Card
        title: First Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/nextjs.svg
          altText: First item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
      - type: Card
        title: Second Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/mui-5.svg
          altText: Second item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
      - type: Card
        title: Third Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/ts.svg
          altText: Third item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
---

Commit message:

index.md: updated text in sections

content/pages/index.md, after:

---
title: Home
type: Page
sections:
  - type: HeroSection
    title: Delexity
    subtitle: Welcome!
    text: >
      Welcome to Delexity's Website!, please contact me if you want more games
      to be added.
    actions:
      - type: Button
        label: Start Building
        url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/get-started/'
        size: large
        variant: contained
        color: primary
      - type: Button
        label: Read the Docs
        url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
        size: large
        variant: outlined
        color: primary
    image:
      type: Image
      url: /images/hero.svg
      altText: Hero section image
  - type: CardsSection
    title: Cards Section Component
    subtitle: Section subtitle here
    items:
      - type: Card
        title: First Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/nextjs.svg
          altText: First item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
      - type: Card
        title: Second Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/mui-5.svg
          altText: Second item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
      - type: Card
        title: Third Card Title
        image:
          type: Image
          url: /images/ts.svg
          altText: Third item image
        text: >
          Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
          eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad
          minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut
          aliquip ex ea commodo consequat.
        actions:
          - type: Button
            label: Read the Docs
            url: 'https://docs.netlify.com/visual-editor/overview/'
---
